# DeepLearning-course-Final-Project-3D MRI Brain tumor segmentation

this is the Repo for Tomer Shimshi and Avi Epsitein Deep Learning course Final project where we  tried to tackle the Brats 2019 challenge. 

In this repo we attempt to solve the task of brain tumor segmentation. Given the Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge (BraTS) 2019 training dataset. To achieve this goal we have used the backbone of a pretrained resnet nammed Med3Dl net(https://github.com/Tencent/MedicalNet) this pretrained network was trained on a diverse set of medical 3d images acquired from x-ray CT and MRI to generally segment internal body parts. We use this backbone for transfer leaning on our 4 different types of MRI input images (T1,T1ce,T2,Flair) each one of these input images is inserted to the mednet and concatenated at the output. Doing this achieves good global segmentation of the different parts of the brian but is not specific enough to segment the exact tumor. Hence we have combined this system to a unet inspired network (Unets are known for their high results in segmentation problems especially for medical purposes) we then take our initial 4 3d inputs and down convolve them to the size of output of the med3Dnet and concatenate,we then upconvlove and cancatinat again. repeating this process 3 times until we reached the label size containing the segmentation of the tumor(4 segmentations :ET - Enhanced Tumor, TC - Tumor Tore,  WT - Whole Tumor and background). Doing this we try to combine the best of both Resnet and Unet network architectures. 

